hi guys so let me start by saying that
this is not a sponsored video I know
that many of you already have the game
best fiends and I've been getting lots
of questions about it in the comments
section I'm addicted to playing best
fiends ever since making my first oddly
satisfying video for them a while ago so
I thought it would be useful to create a
game guide with all the strategies that
I use myself if you're stuck on a
certain level then these 10 tips should
definitely help you out the first tip is
to always create the longest chains
possible you can often draw the line in
a certain way that allows you to connect
more blocks together by using sharp
angles or going in a spiral shape try to
avoid making a single chain of three
blocks unless you have absolutely no
other choice so for instance if you have
a choice here between connecting three
green ones or four yellow ones then
always go for the longer combination
first the second tip is to focus
carefully on the level objectives and
choose the right fiends for the task
I find that bomb fiends are the best 4
levels with slugs crater obstacles and
Converter fiends are necessary for
levels we have to collect many of the
same colored blocks for instance the
level objectives and this one are very
obvious so I'm going to use brittle gene
and Quincy who can convert blocks into
purple green and yellow of course in the
beginning of the game you might not have
enough fiends at all which leads to the
next tip be sure to play all the themed
side quests in order to get keys these
unlock new fiends and gain power-ups
like extra energy meter mites and
diamonds if you complete an entire side
quest then you can actually get gold
which is normally only available through
the shop
the fourth hack is to save up at least
90s and open all the boxes at once this
maximizes your chances of finding a
jackpot you'll know when you get a
jackpot because it makes a different
noise when you open the box if you get
two jackpots from the same screen like I
did here then chances aren't good that
you'll get another one so don't open any
more boxes and save your keys for later
if you're completely stuck on a level
then play the side quests loot balloon
and keep spinning the wheel in order to
get power-ups
I find that leveling up your fiends
really helped secure difficult levels
you can easily tell which fiends are
ready to be leveled up by looking for
the exclamation marks on the menu screen
as an extra tip first check which colors
are required for the level you want to
complete then go back and level up the
right fiends in some levels certain
fiends aren't used at all so you don't
want to spend your mutant rights on them
at that point did you know that you can
click restarts
to get a better starting screen without
losing any energy for instance the main
objective of this side quest is to get
blue drops so I'm simply going to keep
restarting until I get a good
combination like this however this trick
only works at the very beginning of the
game before you've made any moves if you
click on give up and you automatically
lose energy for that term as levels get
more complicated try to remove any mud
slug slime or robotics labs as quickly
as possible these cover up playable game
space and are designed to force you to
spend more moves in order to complete
your objectives
hack number eight is simply not to give
up I discover that as you keep replaying
one level many many times the game will
eventually give you extra moves that
help you complete it I also find that
the game will sometimes give you an
excellent combination of blocks that let
you finish a level very quickly even if
it's one that seemed hopeless at the
beginning however you only get the
game-winning combination if you replay
the level enough times of course you can
also use in-app purchases to help you
proceed quicker keep an eye out for
special deals from Quincy's gold shop
you can also get rare fiends with extra
special abilities through the shop these
are stronger than normal fiends and
they'll help you progress through the
game faster last but not least whenever
you start a new level you should analyze
it to see which strategy works best if
their crates to break then you have to
think about how to get your bombs into
the right position if there are any
obstacles or mud then you need to focus
on getting rid of those sooner rather
than later I'll use level 36 as an
example which many of you had problems
with and asked about in the comments
this one has two crates at the very
bottom so the easiest way to clear it is
to get a horizontal bomb down there the
playable space is also very small so you
have to break as many ice walls as
possible this took me a few attempts but
I eventually got this combo which lets
me break both Crace with one bomb and
finish the level thank you so much for
watching and I hope this video is useful
since so many youtubers including myself
have been promoting this game I thought
it's only fair to make a follow up guide
helping people get through it as
mentioned before this video is not
sponsored and all the tips are based on
my own gaming experience if you have any
more advice that I didn't mention this
video then please feel free to leave
them in the comments below